Refine README + docs (#48)
rstudio/vetiver-python: README.md

_Vetiver, the oil of tranquility, is used as a stabilizing ingredient in perfumery to preserve more volatile fragrances._

The goal of vetiver is to provide fluent tooling to version, share, deploy, and monitor a trained model. Functions handle both recording and checking the model's input data prototype, and predicting from a remote API endpoint. The vetiver package is extensible, with generics that can support many kinds of models, and available for both Python and R. To learn more about vetiver, see the documentation at <https://vetiver.rstudio.com/>

You can use vetiver with:

-   [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/)
-   [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/)

## Installation

You can install the released version of vetiver from [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/vetiver/):

```python
pip install vetiver
```

And the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/rstudio/vetiver-python) with:

```python
python -m pip install git+https://github.com/rstudio/vetiver-python
```

## Example

A `VetiverModel()` object collects the information needed to store, version, and deploy a trained model. 

```python

> from vetiver import mock, VetiverModel, VetiverAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from vetiver import mock, VetiverModel
```

X, y = mock.get_mock_data()
model = mock.get_mock_model().fit(X, y)

v = VetiverModel(model, save_ptype=True, ptype_data=X)
```

You can **version** and **share** your `VetiverModel()` by choosing a [pins](https://rstudio.github.io/pins-python/) "board" for it, including a local folder, RStudio Connect, Amazon S3, and more.

```python
from pins import board_temp
from vetiver import vetiver_pin_write

model_board = board_temp(versioned = True, allow_pickle_read = True)
vetiver_pin_write(model_board, v)
```

> You can **deploy** your pinned `VetiverModel()` via [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can **deploy** your pinned `VetiverModel()` using `VetiverAPI()`, an extension of [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/).
```

Reviewer: Trying to highlight you aren't using FastAPI, but rather the vetiver flavor of it.
